And so folks you lucas obes with you
one more time back on the channel
I know I gave a stop and everything else alone
Now I'm back with everything because
because I discovered a very top game of the
My friend said that pirates are called in
sidi ex something like this
in an ad is to not know the name right
I think in jacques good as you see
on here
the romi is in a totally different place
of the maps that we are accustomed to
other bad, right?
and I'll show you a little bit today
of the game in the next videos
will be a series of guides like term
skills
so come on I will show how your
car in the first so one only one
introduction will have a complete guide
You touched my friend as he does here and first.
You start on these benches here and
then without these other diseases
It gives advanced to take more or less 15
m
in three beats so money here is me
I think it's quiet good best here
in others so much easier to
to get to have enough shops to show
for you
this store that is more for who has it
that the guys use to sell the items
stolen there
Then my friend arrived like he does until
took 138 here because he has sumo
normal good provocation
here is where herbology sells these
things
and here today he sold armor and
weapons
ipp costs 15 m the economy is very stable
and the pa so if you have questions
As you can see, something has
forum all there guides in writing but
now you will have the videos that I will be
making as pope and to you the stage
mobility only write two points two
sometimes wrote on somoni type mobility
there you will have it and carry it to the area
ready
and here is the love already to sell the
things have three types of store
I just found it super easy to opa just buy
the right ingredients
I would do one here.
Let's see, I'll buy the ingredients.
acting in cash
Holy crap to a bank here.
but is
in the first shop of the viadinho here
We do are all thankful that I
I like it and it gathers
2012 I think maybe in the future not
I know the way it is moving things
maybe between a new fight and also
top gives one of the things I most
I really liked that you can have a home in that
meets face so straight - laced kind sought
this life is all good buy
ingredients can already create the spirit
and we will invoke you this is the most
easy of all
there already sent a wolf
there are those that I can invoke are these
hence they appear here
Good, but let's continue our
42 tonic and agility not remember I
paid to and also have a vote that is super
Give me the time, too.
It's cool, and Grandpa on server is because
really a start that it escapes a lot
good every 12 hours you can go back
So we were going to show you the
transports
here is the compass that is where the
creche was in the original script
I'll pack in 38 packages that are just ours
training
here in mons greater
There are some pretty cool demons for us.
to stab
the graphics are also excellent 2012
loading ready we are here
the demons at level 92 elton who scored
this project so that was the
new combat keys goes here
usually held a prayer
and killed him drop even less than 200k
is very little
and you can so there are several
Training areas also have mini
games have boss has pk also has angels and
There are teleports here for you.
to choose is the ability that you
want the panel
So I think this is the first
was only an introduction because it is the
game has about 50 has
this is the most
The plane was 56 more or less yesterday.
This is it, I think it's very interesting.
game
is the tip for anyone who wants a team
it is good that even more and talked and